Why did you decide to practice law,
Attorney Kujo?
Are you interviewing me again?
Then let me ask you in return.
Why did you decide to practice law,
Attorney Karasuma?
It goes back to when I attended
the trial for a certain case.
When you killed your neighbor,
Toshiko Nakabayashi, with an axe,
you were shrieking wildly, weren't you?
The person living next door testified
that they heard you.
"The content of my emails
is all over the internet."
"You did this, you gossipy old hag."
That's what you screamed, right?
Why did you kill Toshiko Nakabayashi?
Is this the reason?
Why?
She masterminded a secret society.
She was monitoring my room every day
with that triangle eye.
I realized the world's rulers planned
to destroy humanity
with electromagnetic waves.
In order to save the world,
I exposed the mastermind's evil deeds
on the internet.
The mastermind retaliated by attacking me
with an electromagnetic weapon,
so I killed her in self-defense.
Do you get it?
You said you were taking
your medication every day.
And you said the medication
left you disoriented. Is that correct?
But you stopped going to the hospital
a month before the incident. Correct?
You weren't on your meds
at the time of the crime, were you?
-Defendant, return to your seat.
-What's that? Hey!
What did you say?
Allow me to change the subject.
At the time of the crime,
why did you steal
the victim's Shinkansen ticket
and board the train?
I received a divine message.
I heard a voice telling me that the person
who'd sit next to me in the reserved seat
would be the god who rules over darkness.
On the Shinkansen,
why did you kill Katsunobu Karasuma
with an ax when he tried to stop you?
I…
I'm the savior.
-I am… the savior!
-Return to your seat!
I am the savior!
The circumstances of this case
are extremely heinous,
and the defendant bears
grave criminal responsibility.
In light of the crime's severity
and the need for general deterrence,
the court finds it necessary
to impose the death penalty.
Those are the reasons for this judgment.
That trial…
I attended it too.
I know.
That's why I came here.
Attorney Sayama, thank you for your help.
No…
I'm relieved that we were able to achieve
a favorable result for your husband.
Yes.
I think Prosecutor Kurama's questioning
of the defendant was the deciding factor.
Shinji,
I'm going to go greet the defense team
and supporters with Attorney Sayama,
so wait here for a bit.
Okay.
Okay. Let's go.
Yes.
This is wrong.
He shouldn't be getting the death penalty.
That damn old man was smug.
He was pretending to be righteous.
Hey,
I won't allow you to badmouth Dad.
Do you think nothing
of the questioning of the defendant?
If that isn't considered insanity
under Article 39 of the Penal Code,
then what is?
He should've been found not guilty.
You're like a 2channeler
who's read a bit of the Six Codes.
The media played up the victims'
families' grief to sway public opinion,
and the court went along with it.
It was a people's court
that prioritized emotions over facts.
As long as humans keep creating trials,
the law won't be the only influence.
That's why we need to separate
mass psychology from the law.
Stop whining, Taiza.
Say that after you pass the bar exam.
He was sentenced to death
in the first trial,
but Attorney Nagaragi will get
life imprisonment in the appeal.
I'll stick with you a little longer.
Fine by me.
All right. Here ya go!
Tonight's a party, party.
Here.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
Do you have a moment?
Huh?
What's in the bag?
Uh, well, they're snacks.
Do you mind if we check?
Well, these are just snacks.
-We'll confirm that.
-Oh, I'm sorry. Don't get mad at me.
I'm not mad.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry…
May I have a moment?
Hey, what are you filming?
You're interfering with our duties.
Filming for a legitimate reason
isn't considered interference with duties.
This is for preserving evidence
in case of an unlawful investigation.
Who the hell are you?
I'm an attorney
with a nasty personality.
An attorney?
You all know that he's not obligated
to comply with a stop-and-frisk, right?
Detaining someone
for a long time against their will
is considered an unlawful arrest
without a warrant.
That's a violation of the law.
If you're going to continue,
why don't you bring the papers?
Excuse us.
KUJO LAW OFFICE
Do you not like spicy food?
Oh, no… Is it okay
to make noise while eating?
Of course.
Mr. Sogabe, would you like water or tea?
Oh, I'm fine with tap water.
Sorry for the trouble. Thank you.
You were in prison for a long time,
weren't you?
Huh?
Did you recently re-enter society?
Why, w-why'd ya ask?
You can't slurp. You can't choose
what you want to drink.
That's all typical behavior of someone
who's been immersed in prison life.
N-Nah! Nothing like that.
Ugh, I'm sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Don't be.
Here.
POOP
STINKY
That's an unusual tattoo.
Huh?
Oh.
Oh, hello?
Two.
The first ring, dimwit!
Oh, sorry.
The customer is waiting.
Go real quick and get
those veggies delivered, okay?
Okay.
The police questioned you
because you were so out of it!
You're paying for the lawyer.
Sogabe,
you're getting the tattoo
of shame punishment!
What?!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, thanks for the meal.
Oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me.
Attorney Kujo,
was that Sota Sogabe who just ran out?
Yes.
-Do you know him, Attorney Karasuma?
-Yes. I defended him six years ago.
He forgot this.
It's weed.
What?
What was his crime?
He was sentenced to six years in prison
for robbery, causing injury.
At the time, 21-year-old Sota Sogabe
used 16-year-old boys
to commit the crime multiple times.
However,
Sogabe wasn't the real mastermind.
Sorry.
Sogabe, where are the veggies?
Huh?
-I forgot them at the lawyer's office.
-What?
Here.
Hey.
Sorry, sorry.
You're getting the tattoo
of shame punishment. Got it?
The mastermind was Suguru Kanemoto.
He's the son of a former yakuza
and was once an aspiring sumo wrestler.
Kanemoto and his friends
committed robbery and injury
and put all the blame on Sogabe.
I see.
Why was he here?
It seems that Kanemoto guy
is Mibu's junior.
I got a request
to help him escape from the police.
It seems that Suguru Kanemoto
is making Sogabe do the job of a courier,
which gives him the highest risk
of getting caught.
He finally got out of prison,
but he's being used by Kanemoto again?
How can we save Sogabe?
How presumptuous of you.
Huh?
Attorneys can't save people.
What do you mean?
Would you like some coffee?
How do Sogabe and Kanemoto
know each other?
Through their fathers.
Originally, Kanemoto's father violently
forced Sogabe's father to obey him.
Suguru, can you use a guy like this?
A great leader can make use
of useless subordinates.
A great leader?
Right now, I'm having him
deliver drugs for the same pay
as a pizza delivery guy.
Are you serious?
Can't believe he's risking getting busted.
Our families live close to each other.
His father used to get shaken down
by my father all the time.
He'd take his money playing Oicho-Kabu,
even though he didn't even know the rules.
Hey.
Hey, Sogabe,
if you can't follow my orders,
I'll tattoo you in the same spot
as your father.
Stop, stop.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, when my old man was in a bad mood,
he used to tattoo his father
on the forehead with a toothpick.
He wrote "poop."
Is your father a tattoo artist?
He's just a yakuza.
Then this guy tried to protect his father
and resisted, saying, "Stop it."
For someone named Sogabe,
you're full of yourself!
Well, you sure did get on my nerves!
So,
I asked my father
to tattoo this guy's arm too.
POOP
So, that tattoo was done
by Kanemoto's father?
Yeah.
I hear that amateur tattoos,
due to their varying depths,
are hard to remove, even by doctors.
For the rest of your lives,
you and your father are gonna have to live
with being branded "poop."
Whoa. You're messed up.
Boom!
Don't you criticize me.
I…
I'm sorry.
Sogabe went to prison
in place of Kanemoto and his friends,
and it seems like he went through a lot.
They made him eat vomit.
They stabbed him with pencils
where it wouldn't show.
They made him carry out sexual favors.
Every day must have been hell.
Why did he get close to Kanemoto again?
It's not easy to escape a vicious cycle.
Vicious cycle?
Anyway, this room…
It stinks.
Apparently, someone died alone
or committed suicide here.
The body was left to rot.
This room is a stigmatized property.
Oh.
I see.
I hear the smell of a dead body
is hard to get rid of.
Mmm, not bad.
With this smell?
Hey.
Sogabe,
I'm sorry for saying terrible things.
Nah. Um…
I've never been good
at keeping my cool, and I just lost it…
No, no. I understand.
I'm the one who screwed up.
No, no. You've always saved us, Sogabe.
No, no.
Seeing you as a real man I can count on,
I have a favor to ask.
A favor?
We'd like to rent your place
to use as a room
to divide marijuana
and cocaine into portions.
Cocaine?
We've been in a bind since the higher-ups
ordered us to handle cocaine.
Please help us.
Excuse me.
Huh?
What's wrong, Mr. Sogabe?
I came to pick up something I left behind.
Huh?
This, right?
Oh, that's it.
Thanks so much--
Do you know what's inside?
They're snacks.
Hello, Mr. Sogabe. It's been a while.
Oh…
-I'm Attorney Karasuma. Ring any bells?
-Oh, Attorney Karasuma.
Thank you for that time. Thank you.
If you have any trouble again,
please contact me anytime.
Oh…
Yeah.
-Mr. Sogabe?
-There's nothing I can ask a lawyer to do.
Besides, I don't have any money.
And I have no clue about the law,
so I have nothing to do with you. Yup.
Thanks.
But aren't you being used
by Mr. Kanemoto again?
I'm not being used!
Don't look down on me 'cause I'm stupid.
Shouldn't a senior protect his juniors?
-Mr. Sogabe.
-What?
I'm not looking down on you.
Oh…
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's just, I've always been
the one everyone's teased
since I was a kid,
'cause I'm slow, so, like…
It's no wonder you think that.
Mr. Sogabe.
Yes. Yes?
An attorney's job is to listen to people.
The first consultation is free,
so it doesn't cost money.
Feel free to come anytime.
Oh, thank you. Excuse me.
Attorney Karasuma.
Do you know why Sogabe
hangs out with Kanemoto?
Well, it's because he's scared.
There's an advantage
to hanging out with him.
An advantage that only exists
in Sogabe's world.
Hey.
What are you glaring at me for?
Hand over your money, or I'll kill you.
Who are you talkin' to?
Huh?
Who the hell are you guys?
What's wrong, Sogabe?
What?
You got a problem with Sogabe?
Oh, uh…
-Here.
-Thank you for your hard work.
We'll take care of the rest.
Yeah.
All right. This way, this way.
Yes.
Ow, that hurts…
That's right. We found
a good room to divide it up.
Yes.
I appreciate your business.
Prosperity!
It's the mighty Suguru Kanemoto's story
of prosperity!
You're in a good mood, Suguru.
Take that. And that!
You guys
not only messed with Sogabe,
but you had the nerve
to do business on our turf.
Huh?
Huh? Aren't these guys dead?
Hey.
We meant to half-kill them,
but I guess
we pretty much killed them for good.
Well, even if they are dead,
we have Sogabe, our guardian angel,
to take the fall for us.
That's true!
Everyone should have a Sogabe.
Well said, well said!
Suguru!
Miyoko?
Miyoko.
Let's go home.
We're having your favorite
sweet curry hot pot tonight.
Yay!
-Clean this up, will ya?
-Sure thing.
You're late!
Today, it's Miyoko, me, and curry.
Just watching you eat makes me feel full.
Then can I have
all of this pork and pepper stir-fry?
Go right ahead.
So you wanted to talk to me. Whatcha got?
Do you remember Sota Sogabe?
Of course.
When he got out of prison,
I helped him find a job
and a place to live
as part of his post-release support.
But in less than a month,
I lost contact with him.
He hasn't been in touch with his parents.
He's committed another crime.
What? Really?
Yes, I'm sure of it.
Ugh, Sota Sogabe!
That idiot! Why?
So, I'd like to ask for your help
with his rehabilitation.
What a damn idiot.
Don't say that. Let's try again. Together.
I'm sure that's what
Attorney Kujo wants too.
Excuse me. Another beer.
Here ya go.
Thanks.
Well, see ya.
Bye-bye.
The marijuana customers look happy.
It's good stuff. Give me three packets.
Sure.
Okay.
Here ya go.
-And this is my pee.
-A good luck charm for my urine test.
You're welcome.
Enjoy yourself.
The cocaine customers
are rich party people.
-You wanna fight?
-No, I don't.
-Give me the meth!
-No, we don't sell meth.
Just give it to me!
I've got money!
Excuse me.
The stimulant drug customers
are mostly the old and the poor.
Being at the bottom is a bummer.
What I do now is bad,
but since they want it and are happy,
it's not the worst thing.
Eight years ago,
I attacked middle-aged men.
I felt bad for the victims,
and it made me sick.
You must be Sota Sogabe.
Can we have a moment?
-Hey, wait up! Hey!
-Sogabe!
Ouch!
I'm sorry.
Wow, so cute!
Come on, Rino. Say something to Daddy.
Thank you for the present, Daddy.
Good luck with your work.
Good luck.
KENGO MIBU
See you--
Hello. It's Kujo.
Sota Sogabe has been arrested.
On what charges?
Possession of marijuana
and cocaine.
Cocaine?
Three grams of cocaine and four grams of
dried marijuana were found at your home.
You're lucky it was a small amount
after it was divided.
But you have a prior criminal record,
so you won't be able
to avoid a prison sentence.
By the way, did you hear that Mr. Kanemoto
was arrested as an accomplice?
Kanemoto was?
No, I didn't know.
Mr. Sogabe.
Why don't you use
this opportunity to be honest?
Honest?
Tell them you committed the robbery
and had the drugs
because Mr. Kanemoto threatened you.
You know Ms. Yakushimae,
the criminal justice social worker, right?
I asked her to prepare a shelter for you
so that Mr. Kanemoto
won't attack you if you get bail.
You can break the vicious cycle here.
If it's to that end,
I'll do anything to help you.
-That's no good.
-What?
Mr. Sogabe,
don't spill anything
about Suguru Kanemoto.
Take the blame for everything.
What are you saying?
That kind of advice
will get you disbarred.
No one will know
if the three of us keep quiet.
Then I'm out.
Go ahead.
Are you going to make him do
the same thing again, Attorney Kujo?
Why are you protecting
a bad guy like Kanemoto?
That'll leave Mr. Sogabe stuck
in this situation for his entire life.
It'll cause his parents great sorrow.
That's fine.
What?
That's fine. That's okay.
I'll take the blame for everything.
Well…
I remember
this one field day when I was a kid.
I was a klutz.
I always came last in races.
Everyone in the schoolyard
would cheer me on and clap.
I desperately looked for my mom.
And then…
She was looking down,
and she was looking like
it was the end of the world.
I think she was embarrassed
and frustrated.
Because of me.
So if a piece of trash like me can be
of use to someone, I'll do anything.
-Mr. Sogabe--
-Understood.
Then we'll proceed in this direction.
Are you sure about this?
Kanemoto.
Say something already.
Don't think a half-assed punk like you…
can get away with staying silent.
Attorney Kujo,
taking on Sogabe's
and Kanemoto's defense at the same time
could be a conflict of interest.
It's something that
an attorney shouldn't do.
If they're both satisfied
with the results,
they won't report me
to the bar association,
and there won't be a hearing.
There won't be any problems.
Is that how you do things?
Go in.
You look worn out, Mr. Kanemoto.
This is my first time being interrogated.
But more importantly,
did that bastard Sogabe fess up?
No.
I swear he hasn't done that.
Listen, Mr. Kanemoto.
The police will try to brainwash you
over the next 20 days.
Lies will get called out,
so don't say anything.
Keep silent.
Yes, sir.
Attorneys have unlimited visitation time.
If it gets really tough,
I can visit you anytime.
Remain silent for 20 days.
You'll be out in 20 days without charges,
pending further investigation.
You likely won't be prosecuted.
Got it?
Yes, sir.
From talking to the detectives,
they don't seem to have
any decisive evidence of your involvement.
If the police try to threaten or coax you,
that means they're getting flustered.
If that happens, we win. Remember that.
Yes, sir.
I can't give you a spiral notebook
since the wire can be used as a weapon.
I'll bring you a regular notebook later,
so take notes
of the interrogation every day.
Understood.
Write one page every day.
You'll be out in 20 days. Hang in there.
Yes, sir.
I'll do my best.
You used violence
to make Mr. Sogabe obey you.
But now that you've been caught,
you're very obedient.
Huh?
You only bare your fangs at the weak,
and you bow before the strong,
such as attorneys.
How cowardly and devious can you be?
Hey, Attorney Kujo. What's with this guy?
He's my colleague.
I'm just helping Attorney Kujo
because it's my job.
But I don't like people like you.
Bring it on, dipshit!
Attorney Kujo, get him off this case!
No, I won't get him off the case.
What's your problem?
-Sit down!
-Don't mess with me!
Kanemoto, what are you doing?
Damn you!
Calm down. Cut it out!
Don't mess with me.
You infuriating piece of shit!
Don't resist!
Don't mess with me. Hey!
Miyoko!
Hey, you crooked lawyer.
Hi there.
What the hell is your intention?
You're putting all the blame on Sogabe.
And you're letting Suguru Kanemoto
off the hook. How could you do that?
What are you thinking?
What do you mean, what? I'm trying
to get Sogabe a lighter sentence.
What?
He has a criminal record,
so he can't avoid a prison sentence.
Since he'll be convicted again
within five years of leaving prison,
his sentence will be heavier.
Attorney Karasuma, is this true?
Well, yes.
So here's the issue in the trial…
It's whether Sogabe possessed
the drugs for profit,
or if it was simple possession
for personal use.
What's the difference between the two?
The police found a digital scale
and packets in his home.
They got him for possession for profit.
He could get three years.
But if it were simple possession,
the prison sentence
would likely be around a year and a half.
Exactly.
If they reject his involvement with
Kanemoto, the crime looks less organized,
and the case will lean
towards simple possession.
So what's your complaint?
I'm not here
because I wanted to talk about the law.
I wanted to say
that this is ethically wrong.
Ethically?
Sogabe, who was completely clueless,
was just following
Suguru Kanemoto's orders
and was being used by him.
The way he's being treated now is cruel.
He knows.
What?
Sogabe understands reason and logic
better than you think.
What? Reason and logic?
Talking people into things
and shifting the burden
onto those in a weaker position.
Is that what you call reason and logic?
That's wrong.
Aren't attorney's supposed to
protect the weak?
What you're doing
is ethically unacceptable.
It's wrong, for sure.
Do you think so, too, Attorney Karasuma?
I can't say for sure that it's wrong.
But…
But?
I'll save Sogabe in my own way.
Hello, this is Kujo.
How did it go?
I've decided to have Mr. Sogabe
take the blame for everything.
No fessing up about Mr. Kanemoto.
In return, Mr. Kanemoto will stay silent
and get cut loose in 20 days.
I see.
If you can actually pull that off,
you're a genius.
All right. Let's go eat.
Excuse me.
You're Sota Sogabe's father, right?
POOP
STINKY
Huh? Yes, uh…
I'm Attorney Karasuma.
I want to cut ties between
your son and Suguru Kanemoto.
Would you be willing to cooperate?
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa